♪
If you are not already
in the know...
We're happy to introduce
for the first time
on our Nashville stage...
Country Music's next
it girl: Adelaide Kay!
So Adelaide, we heard that
you're gonna be a part
of the Christmas Eve
showcase at the Palace,
where you'll be
performing alongside
some of country music's
greatest stars.
Yes, and it's less than
two weeks away.
And how are you feeling?
Humbled, excited...
terrified, but really
this is a dream come true.
And that song you
just sang for us,
your hit single,
"Rock Star."
Who's that about?
We've heard rumors about
you and Cole Wyatt.
Is it true?
Is there someone special
in Adelaide Kay's life?
Uh, is there someone special?
There could be.
Tell us about him!
I really can't.
But I will say that there is
a place in my heart
for something other than
just music, and who knows?
This is the season of miracles.
(LAUGHING)
♪
Ugh, I messed up, I'm always
flat on that last note.
Are you kidding?
You were perfect,
everyone loved you.
Adelaide, you spent
your entire life
dreaming of doing
what you just did.
Try and enjoy it.
What about when they
asked me about Cole,
did I look totally panicked?
Well, you definitely did not
look madly in love
with country music's
hottest star.
Maybe because I am not
madly in love
with country music's
hottest star.
We've discussed this.
You are supposed to
encourage the Cole rumor.
I'm not gonna lie.
Just say there's
someone special.
That's called lying.
No, there's someone special.
You just haven't met him yet.
Besides, pictures don't lie.
They obviously do, because this
was just coffee as friends.
This is your first cover.
How long have you
waited for this?
This whole fake dating thing,
it just doesn't feel like me.
It's the new you.
♪
I forgot to tell you,
I know I said
we could stop in Atlanta
tomorrow to visit your parents,
"but you just booked
'The Talk."
Gotta get to Philly.
But Russell, I haven't seen
my parents in nearly a year.
They'll see you on TV.
But I promised them.
Adelaide, there are sacrifices
to being a star, okay?
Right now what's important
is for you to stay focused.
Rock Star is climbing
the charts.
Your name is on the tip
of everybody's tongue.
You're gonna be
an overnight success.
A lifetime in the making.
And soon it will
all be worth it.
This is everything
you've always wanted,
and you are so close.
You're right.
Good.
♪
RUSSELL: Bingo,
here we are.
SANDRA: This place
is so cute!
Russell, where did
you find this place?
RUSSELL: Hey,
that's what I do.
It's adorable, where are we?
Preston, Virginia.
You have tomorrow off,
so I thought it'd be nice
if we slept in a real bed.
This is cute.
Yeah.
♪
I'll go let them know
we're here.
I'm famished.
Well, don't get too excited.
Russell called ahead.
(SIGH)
I am wistfully remembering
the days when I used to
choose and portion my own food.
Eat up, it's a very healthy,
perfectly balanced meal.
A really healthy,
perfectly balanced meal
is a cookie in each hand.
(LAUGHS)
(HUMMING)
That magic cheer that means
Christmas time...
And now I need a word
that rhymes.
SANDRA: What are
you doing?
Writing a song.
Trying to.
I'm thinking a country
Christmas song.
What do you have so far?
An empty page and determination?
Not a bad start.
Well, whatever you write,
I'm sure it'll be a hit.
You're obviously forgetting
about the spectacular failure
of my self-composed
debut album.
Girl, I've been with you
since you boarded
this country music train.
You're legit.
RUSSELL: Okay,
let's talk schedule.
11 days until
Christmas Eve at the Palace,
we have "The Talk"
radio show on Friday.
Big holiday theme, so here are
some jokes the PR team wrote.
Speaking of writing...
Yeah, speaking of writing,
Bobby sent over the new song.
Here, have a listen.
(MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ And I'm ♪
♪ thinking about, ♪
♪ just thinking ♪
♪ about that kiss ♪
This sounds exactly
like my last song.
Russell, I'm 28 years old.
25 on paper.
Old enough that I have to
stop singing about
the cute boy at the bus stop.
I wanna write my own lyrics.
Adelaide...
One song, and I can maybe
sing it at the Palace concert
and show my fans
who I really am.
You tried writing before,
and it didn't work out.
That was years ago!
Before I started steering you
in the right direction.
Adelaide, we've only been
working together one year,
and already I have you
on the Palace bill,
so just trust me.
You are a great singer,
but writing is hard.
So you just keep
hitting the high notes,
and leave the rest to us.
Alright.
(SIGHS)
(GUITAR PLAYING)
That's a good tune.
What is it?
Nothing really, just...
Just playing around,
it's just music.
It's never just music.
It's catchy.
Got yourself an ear worm.
An ear worm, what's that?
You know, something that
wiggles it's way into your mind
and won't let go.
Yeah I know what you mean.
(PHONE VIBRATES)
Better go.
Bye.
♪
(KNOCKING)
Hey, time to get up.
It's my day off.
Russell said that's why
he let you sleep late.
Let's go.
Seven AM pilates,
eight AM call with Bobby,
and then we hit the road.
Good thing it's my day off.
Chocolate chip?
Don't tell Russell.
You're the best.
♪
Where's Sandra and Russell?
They've gone to get some coffee.
Will you tell them
to hold onto mine?
I'm gonna go in my room and
work and work on the new songs.
I'll make sure no one
bothers you.
Thanks.
♪
Where's Adelaide?
Already on board,
working in her room.
Great, let's hit the road.
♪
DYLAN: Hey, can you just take
this and put it over there,
and then that one on that side?
Don't cross 'em.
♪
Hey, you again.
What's all this?
Clearly you're not
from around here.
How could you tell?
Well, for one, I know
everybody in this town.
And two, the Preston
tree lighting ceremony
is famous around these parts.
Ooh, tree lighting.
Sounds fun.
What?
Sorry, it's just you look
exactly like Adelaide Kay.
You know, the singer?
You know Adelaide Kay?
Yeah, I get told that
I look like her a lot.
Um, are you a fan?
I like her early stuff.
Yeah, her first album was great.
I didn't think anyone
listened to that.
I did.
That ballad is a
real heart ripper.
What about the new stuff?
Not my taste really.
Oh yeah, why?
Why's that?
Well...
Seems a bit manufactured.
None of her songs
really have any heart.
Well maybe she's still
searching for the heart.
Maybe.
Maybe she sold it.
Must be nice.
What's that?
Criticizing from the cheap seats
instead of standing
in the spotlight.
You know, for not
being Adelaide Kay,
you, uh, you're very
protective over her music.
You know what?
You're right.
It's just music.
See you around.
♪
What?
No!
No-no-no-no-no.
(SIGHS)
Really?
♪
(GOOD KING WENCESLAS PLAYING)
Excuse me, do you mind
if I use your phone?
I left mine on the bus
and they left without me.
Oh no.
I have definitely
had days like that.
Do you mind if I take this...
No, not at all.
(BUTTONS CLICKING)
(PHONE DIALING)
VOICEMAIL: It's Sandra,
leave a message.
Sandra, it's me.
I'm in Preston.
You guys left me.
When you get this
will you tell Russell
I need you to come back
and get me.
Um, if you get this in
the next couple minutes,
you can call this number back.
Okay, bye.
HAILEY: Oh and if
they ask for Spruce,
just tell them we have
more coming in tomorrow.
Always happy to help.
No answer, but thank you.
Well, which direction
are you headed in?
Uh, North, Philadelphia.
Well I'm headed home now,
and we live 10 minutes North.
Why don't you come along?
And if your ride calls
they can pick you up there,
and if not, I can drive you
back here later.
Okay, thank you.
Oh, I'm Hailey, by the way.
I'm...
Addie.
Nice to meet you, Addie.
Nice to meet you.
RADIO HOST: Here is a hot new
track called "Rock Star."
I think you're
all gonna like it.
♪
♪ Sittin' in the ♪
♪ bed tonight ♪
Oh, I love this song!
I can never remember
the singer's name.
Sometimes I think
everything I know
is about boys and farming.
Really?
I don't know anything
about that...
Well, farming.
I know enough about boys.
(LAUGHS)
I am a city girl.
I am soothed by the sounds
of honking horns
and the smell of trash.
Well then, I am
definitely a farm girl.
I own more pairs of
galoshes than heels.
What's a galosh?
Good one.
Just kidding.
See that tree line
on the horizon?
Mhm.
That is the back
of the property.
So pretty.
♪
So, this is our house.
We grow the trees here
and then sell them in town.
It's beautiful.
C'mon, I want you
to meet my parents.
♪
HAILEY: Hey!
Thanks.
Hey!
Hi!
Oh, this is Addie,
Addie missed her bus
and got stranded in town.
So I gave her a ride.
These are my parents.
Hi, I'm Emma.
Hi.
Dale.
Happy to have ya.
Thank you, your farm
is really...
full of trees.
(LAUGHS)
Spoken like a true city girl.
And I should know, I'm a
reformed city girl myself.
ADDIE: Really?
What brought you out here?
I fell in love with this one,
and after him,
I fell in love with these woods.
So, when it came to pick a job,
we just thought, "How about
a Christmas tree farm?"
She was kind enough to hire me.
You had no choice.
What's he doing here?
HAILEY: That's Dylan,
my brother.
♪
You uh, already know each other?
Yeah, I met Dylan downtown
playing his guitar.
EMMA: Isn't he talented?
I have been president of his
fan club since he was a baby.
Actually when he was little,
he used to say,
"Mom, when I grow up
I want to be a musician."
And I'd say, "Honey, I'm pretty
sure you can't do both."
We were hoping he'd head up to
Nashville and become a big star.
Well lucky for you guys,
I'm not going anywhere.
DALE: Uh-huh.
Hailey, why don't we show Addie
what we do around here?
Addie?
That's a bit of an unusual name.
What is it short for something?
Hey, it's ten days
until Christmas Eve,
this is the last stretch
of our busy season.
Addie, how would you
like to experience
the inexpressible joy of
netting a Christmas tree?
Uh, could I have
a different job?
You could untangle
those Christmas lights.
Untangling those lights would be
the true miracle of Christmas.
We'll need a bigger
miracle than that.
Hailey.
What?
It's true.
We'll talk about
it later, honey.
Dylan, we were in
the middle of netting,
so how about you take
Ms. Addie on a tour of the farm?
Oh, I don't need a tour.
She doesn't need a tour.
Mind your manners.
Sure.
♪
Thank you.
You're netting.
Ugh.
♪
So, is there something
you want to tell me?
Is there something
Yeah, that's a Balsam Fir,
over there we have Tamarack,
Spruce and for the
traditionalists, Scotch Pine.
These are all types of trees
that we have on the farm.
Just in case you're confused,
a tree is a woody
perennial plant.
Here I thought a Christmas tree,
was just a Christmas tree.
No, no much more than that.
Although you do strike me
as the kind of person
that buys a fake
plastic tree every year.
Oh actually, I just decorate
a potted plant.
So um, what do you do
on a tree farm?
I'd think that the trees sort
of take care of themselves.
No, not...
Opposite actually.
We don't just plant the seed
and wait for the tree to grow.
A Christmas tree farm is a
constant battle against drought,
insects, heat, frost;
Even a 5 year-old sapling
still takes 10 years before
it reaches maturity.
That's 15 years for every tree
we have on this farm.
It's a good thing
we love what we do.
(SNIFFS)
You smell that?
Smells like a
giant air freshener.
It's fresh snow.
These woods and the snow,
I don't think there's
any place I'd rather be.
Not on stage playing music?
You're good.
Oh yeah?
I just know that
real talent is rare.
You should be in
Nashville playing,
so you can be heard.
My place is in Preston.
With my family.
♪ S
doing?
Salting the driveway.
It prevents the ice
from forming.
What?
I'm from Atlanta, if it
snows more than an inch
the city shuts down
for snowpocalpyse.
(LAUGHING)
(PHONE RINGING)
Oh, I think it's for you.
Hello?
Adelaide, you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Well, good news and bad news.
There's been an accident,
the highway is closed.
And there's a
snowstorm on the way,
go back to the bnb.
We'll pick you up
as soon as we can.
And the good news?
You and Cole have
made another cover.
Great.
♪
That was my ride.
I need to get back soon.
So I'm just gonna call a cab,
and head back to town.
Absolutely not.
No you'll stay here, yeah,
you'll be our guest.
I couldn't, I don't
even have clothes,
or a toothbrush.
Well, we have that.
You don't even know me,
I'm a stranger.
Emma, hide the silver.
I would if we had some.
You'll stay, and
that's the end of it.
Well, alright.
Thank you.
DALE: I'm out
of salt.
HAILEY: Oh! Uh, I'll pop
into town.
Addie, do you want
to come with me?
I can show you around Preston.
I'd love to.
♪
Obviously Preston goes
crazy for Christmas.
It's impressive.
Everybody does something
for the holiday.
When I was a kid, I waited
all year for Christmas.
Ugh, me too.
My family went all out.
I really miss being home
for the holidays.
Every tree that you see here
in town, including this one,
came from our farm.
We've been donating the tree
to the square for 30 years.
And we will be donating it
for 30 more.
Hey, Bev.
Oh, Hailey!
Oh, Bev this is
my new friend Addie.
Nice to meet you, sweetheart.
(LAUGHS)
Nice to meet you too.
Have we met before?
You look so familiar.
I get that a lot.
Hailey, I heard about the farm.
How's your family doing?
We're okay.
We're not giving up.
Listen, I know how
proud your folks are,
too proud for their own good.
So let's not tell them,
but the salt bags are on me.
Oh no, no...
No, no.
It's an early Christmas gift.
And if there's
anything you need,
anything at all.
Come to me.
Thank you.
Merry Christmas.
Nice to meet you.
Hailey, what was Bev
saying about the farm?
Um, we're behind
on the mortgage.
And the bank is
threatening to foreclose.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah, the big automotive
plant outside town closed down,
and it hit Preston pretty hard.
Coupled with last
year's drought,
we lost a few trees,
missed a few payments,
and just haven't
been able to recover.
But you will recover, right?
I hope so.
That's why Dylan won't leave.
We've tried to get him
to go, but he won't.
He stays for us.
Pretty selfless of him.
Selfless is saying
you don't like pie
when there isn't
enough to go around.
It's something my
mom always says.
Well, I call that heroic.
♪
(CHATTER)
Thank you.
This looks so good.
Alright.
Can I have the corn?
Hurry up.
This all looks delicious.
Thank you.
HAILEY: Mom, this
looks so amazing.
Like a treat.
You can take more Addie.
Especially these potatoes,
they're from our garden.
So eat up, don't be shy.
This is the best meal
I've had in a while.
And I do love my food.
Well, people who love food
are my favourite people.
Well then you're gonna like me.
What do you like to cook?
Um, I'm not actually
much of a cook.
Oh c'mon I bet that
you're a great cook.
What's your signature dish?
Um, something burnt?
(LAUGHING)
Okay, you're not a cook.
Tell us more
about yourself, Addie.
Yeah, where you coming in
from, where you headed to?
What are you doing
for the holidays?
Yeah Addie,
any plans for Christmas?
I am actually
working this Christmas.
Doing what?
I'm, um...
I know something about Addie
that I think everyone
will find interesting.
EMMA: Do tell.
Addie...
doesn't have a Christmas tree.
(GASPING)
HAILEY: What?
EMMA: Are you serious?!
(SCOFFING)
Oh jeez, the pies.
You don't have a Christmas tree?
Well I-I have a
Christmas tree,
I-I just haven't put
it together yet.
Oh that is a holiday sacrilege.
You're gonna have to
take one of ours home with ya'.
I would love to.
EMMA: Okay.
There we go!
Oh, Dale, really?
Yes, really.
I think dessert is one of the
most important meals of the day.
Well, I would live on a
farm if we could raise pie.
Here's our new daughter.
(LAUGHING)
♪
I brought you pajamas
and a toothbrush, and stuff.
Thank you.
Um, what is all this?
Oh, I make wreaths.
They're gorgeous.
Well they're easy,
do you wanna learn?
Yeah.
Okay.
So.
Take your base.
There you go.
I've got mine started and then
you cut a couple branches here...
There you go, and you're just
gonna want to straighten out
the branches to make sure
they look nice and neat.
And then you're just
gonna lay it on the base,
and then you're gonna take your
wire and attach it to the base.
And you do that
all the way around,
you'll get the hang of it.
And then you get to add
ribbons and pinecones,
and decorate it
however you want.
So do you sell these?
I've thought about it but I
don't think they're good enough.
I do have lots of other ideas
on ways to save the farm though.
Yeah?
Like what?
Well, I want to
expand the business.
I want families to be able
to come to the farm
to buy their trees.
And we could have sleigh
rides and a snack bar.
There could be an
ice skating rink and concerts.
It would be like
a little Winter Wonderland.
It sounds perfect.
Have you talked to
your parents about it?
I've tried, but we never
have the money.
Anyway, it's a dream,
but it's just a dream.
Kind of like me
making this wreath?
(LAUGHING)
♪
(HUMMING)
♪ Hearin' all the ♪
♪ Christmas songs ♪
♪ Waitin' for ♪
♪ old Santa Claus ♪
♪ Kiss under ♪
♪ the mistletoe ♪
(HUMMING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
HAILEY: I feel like
you're not listening.
You don't get it.
We... we have to
do something!
EMMA: What
exactly is it you...
HAILEY: We have
to at least try.
EMMA:
With what money?
Hailey, we can't
even pay the mortgage.
So, what?
We're just supposed to
sit around and do nothing?
Just wait for the
bank to foreclose?
(FOOTSTEPS ON STAIRS)
♪
Christmas decorations!
(GIGGLING)
You wanna help?
Are you gonna make me
untangle more Christmas lights?
Well, if you start now, you
might be done by New Years.
(LAUGHING)
Aw, that was
Dylan's first guitar.
So what about you Miss Addie?
What makes you tick?
I also love music.
I work a lot,
which is good, I guess.
Never really home.
I don't get to see
my friends or family much.
I don't really get
moments like this,
so, it's nice being here.
Well, we're happy to have you.
Emma, Hailey told me about
the possible foreclosure.
Oh, uh, well, farmers are
really good at growing things
but not always
as good at selling them.
I would really like to help.
Oh, no.
That is so kind, honey,
really, but we'll be okay.
Yeah, we'll be okay.
Addie, have you seen our stars?
We have the most
brilliant night sky.
You want me to go outside?
In the cold?
Yup.
At night?
(LAUGHING)
Who knows what you'll find.
♪
(FOOTSTEPS ON SNOW)
(PLAYING GUITAR)
Your mom told me
to come see the stars.
Yeah, I bet she did.
The storm is rolling in,
but it's a pretty clear
sky right now.
So this is what's beyond
the blanket of city smog.
Mm-hm.
I bet a country boy like you
knows all the constellations.
Yeah, of course.
What's that?
That is Orion's Belt.
And that?
That is Orion's suspenders.
(LAUGHING)
That is Ursa Major.
That is Cassiopeia.
Wow, you know your stars.
I've wished on
'em so many times,
I know them all by name.
Or it takes a star
to know a star,
Adelaide.
I would recognize
your voice anywhere.
And it does have heart.
Maybe.
I'm sorry I lied.
I don't always know
how to be Adelaide Kay.
It's easier to be just Addie.
I should tell your
family the truth.
No.
Your secret is safe with me.
And so is your secret.
Mine?
I don't have a secret.
You don't really
have any interest
in playing music or performing,
or doing the thing
you obviously love?
(CHUCKLING)
Yeah, I'm not one for
standing up in front of people.
And besides, I've got the stars,
lodging close to where I work.
What more do I need?
(SIGHING)
Well, we should turn in.
We have early
mornings around here.
Not as early as my mornings.
Yeah, well, we'll see.
Oh and don't think
being Adelaide Kay
is gonna get you out
of morning chores.
Oh, I don't.
And I'm not
Adelaide Kay, remember?
Just Addie.
♪
RUSSELL: Now, instead we're
missing important promos.
Never mind.
We're snowed in.
We're gonna come for
you as soon as we can.
What about The Talk today?
RUSSELL:
Cole will do it.
You replaced me with Cole Wyatt?
RUSSELL:
Not replacing.
The two of you are
gonna do the show together.
Russell, you can't keep
making these decisions
without consulting me.
RUSSELL: We'll talk
about this later, alright?
Look, talk to Sandra, okay?
(SIGHING)
I know.
So, how's the farm?
Too much fresh air.
No, it's nice.
Emma and Dale are so gracious,
and Hailey is way cooler
than I ever was at 16,
and Dylan...
SANDRA: Dylan?
Wait, there's a Dylan?
Is he cute?
What's he like?
He's like,
I don't know... real.
HAILEY:
Addie, breakfast!
I also brought
you some new clothes.
I hope they fit.
Is she calling you "Addie"?
And what do you mean 'real'?
ADDIE: Sandra, just call
me when the highway opens.
(PHONE BEEP)
(DOOR SLIDING OPEN)
Galoshes!
Amazing.
(PAN SIZZLING)
Morning, Addie.
Morning.
Hi, honey!
Oh, it's ten days
before Christmas.
Why don't you do the honours?
Addie, why don't come over
and help me flip some pancakes?
I'd love to.
(LAUGHING)
Oh, wow.
These are Dad's
famous Christmas pancakes.
You guys have, uh, holiday
shaped breakfasts a lot?
DALE: You must
think we're crazy.
As long as the
pancakes are this good,
I'm not judging.
We are not crazy, we're
just a little bit different.
Actually, Addie, there is
a story about a forest that was
full of perfectly straight
trees, but in the centre,
there's a-a crooked tree,
and all of the very,
very straight trees they
laugh at the crooked tree,
until the loggers come and say,
"Take all of the straight ones,
and leave the rest."
(LAUGHING)
We're the rest.
♪
Oh, I, um, I heard on the radio
about this talent
search for musicians,
some sort of a reality
T.V. show or something...
So I loaded the truck up.
I'm gonna head into
town after breakfast.
Oh, I'll come with uhh, Addie,
do you want to stay here
or come with us?
I don't know how
my ride will take so, yeah,
I'll come to town.
Great!
♪
Alright, let's go to work.
What?
Help me unload the truck.
Unload the truck?
Yeah.
Are you serious?
I did spend most of childhood
indoors - singing lessons,
pageants, and heavy lifting
wasn't exactly a pageant talent.
Well, it's time to learn
a new pageant talent.
C'mon.
You grab it by
the base string there,
I'll get it here, you ready?
Yeah.
One, two, three, up.
And down.
Great.
Good job.
Um, just grab it by the head.
Like this?
Yeah, you got it?
Yeah.
Good.
Look at you Addie, you're
going to be a pro in no time.
Oh yeah.
(LAUGHS)
I was actually thinking if
you put your wreaths out here,
maybe you can try and sell them.
I think they'd fly out of here.
I actually think your whole idea
for the farm could really work.
I told Addie.
And I know your parents said
no because it would cost money,
but what if it didn't have to?
What do you mean?
Maybe you have people
who'd want to help.
Like friends or neighbors.
Well, Owen has
the horse and sleigh.
Yeah, and Bev has all of those
decorations just lying around.
What if we built something
to show mom and dad?
Yeah, yeah.
Let's see what happens.
Maybe you could make the
money you need to save the farm.
It's a great idea.
♪
We can go talk to Bev
in the hardware store,
then we can go find Owen.
Oh but-but there's
Owen right there.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Go get him kid, c'mon.
What if he says no?
And what if he says yes?
C'mon, I'll go with you.
Just speak from the heart,
and it'll be great.
Owen, hi.
I'm Addie.
A friend of the Lapp family.
So nice to meet you Addie.
Dylan, Hailey.
Owen, I was hoping
that you would help us.
I have this idea
for the family farm.
Sure, what would that be?
♪
So, what do you think Bev?
I love your idea, Hailey!
The decorations are all yours.
Thank you.
Come on this way, I'll show you.
♪
Hey, look at these.
You should put them on.
Yeah.
C'mon!
No.
Be a reindeer.
I'm not a reindeer.
RADIO HOST: Alright, off
the top we have special guest,
Cole Wyatt.
So Cole, let's get right to it,
what can you tell us
about you and Adelaide?
COLE: Uh, let's just say there's
something going on between us
that neither of us
really understands.
(CHUCKLES)
Sounds like your boyfriend
really misses you.
♪
Hey, Cole is not my boyfriend.
It's just a publicity stunt
that my manager set up.
It's just the way
things are done.
You pretend to date
people you barely know.
And you sing songs
you know are bad.
Well, do it a different way.
Do it your way, go back
to writing your own songs.
And what?
That album flopped.
I think you were the
only person who listened to it.
But then I started
working with Russell,
and doing it his way.
And now, I have a hit single.
I'm so close.
Except, you know,
suddenly I'm...
Cole Wyatt's girlfriend.
It's just, what if this is
the only way you can do it?
What if it's not?
I'm trying to write
a Christmas song,
to maybe perform at
the Palace concert.
All right, well what
do you have so far?
Frustration
and self-doubt.
Building blocks of
every creative endeavor.
It's just a carol is a big deal.
It's a song that's
supposed to make you feel
the joy of Christmas.
That's a lot of pressure
you put on one song.
Why not instead just think
of what a carol means to you.
What does a carol mean to you?
To me, a carol is
the visiting uncle of songs,
it shows up too early,
way too loud,
and never leaves
when I want it to.
Hey.
A carol makes me feel...
the way I felt as a kid
on Christmas morning.
See, you're good at this,
you should be making music.
♪
Everything is set
for the presentation
for mom and dad tomorrow.
The print shop is
making the flyers for free.
So, I'll hand them out
and get the word out.
Ooh and you should also announce
it at the tree lighting.
If I do, could you
stay for the festival?
You would love it,
there's food and music.
Music?
Maybe you should perform
with the tree lighting.
It'll be great
press for the farm.
(UNEASY CHUCKLE)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
Oh, I think it's for you.
(TEXT TONES)
(TYPING)
Um...
(TEXT TONE)
Would it be all right
with you guys
if I stayed with you
a little longer?
Uh, yeah yeah.
I think that'd be great.
What if I stay longer if you
perform at the tree lighting?
Deal?
♪
Hailey, it's 4 AM,
it's the middle of the night.
Also known as
the farmer's morning.
That's for dairy farmers
that have to milk cows,
we live on a tree farm,
we don't have to milk the trees.
♪
(PAPER RUSTLING)
I've been working
on this all night
and-and I like it,
I'm just, stuck.
The staging area is all wrong.
What do you think?
But what if you made this,
the sales floor?
And then you can put all the
decorations around the trees.
Yes, and then that's the
first thing customers see
when they arrive.
♪
I love it.
I hear these are your specialty.
Very funny.
Eh?
(CHUCKLES)
Okay, I'll put them over here.
♪
It's so quiet here.
I don't think I have ever
been anywhere this quiet.
The silence is...
It's almost musical.
You know, on mornings like this,
when it is this quiet,
it's kinda when I hear
the music the loudest, you know?
Okay, I mean, it's not all
gonna be done today
and it's not exactly
what I was thinking but...
You're building it, step by step
and you are doing it your way
and that's always a good thing.
(HORSE NEIGHS IN DISTANCE)
Oh, Owen's here with the horse.
(LAUGHS)
♪
Well they called us
down for something.
ADDIE: Ready?
I'm kinda nervous.
That's a good thing,
it usually means
something important
is about to happen.
All right, what are
you kids up to?
HAILEY: Mom?
Dad?
I have something to show you.
Is it a large cup of coffee?
Better, come on.
All right, maybe it's
a pot of coffee.
(LAUGHING)
Hurry up.
Mom?
Dad?
Thirty years ago, you had a
dream to start the Lapp farm and
now thirty years later, I wanna
follow my dream for the farm.
I want to expand the business
and make the farm
a holiday destination spot
and it won't just be Christmas,
we'll have harvest festivals
and pumpkin patches,
Easter egg hunts and
fourth of July barbeques.
Our farm will be a place that
doesn't just spread
Christmas cheer,
but spreads joy all year long.
And I know that we don't
have any money,
but we have friends
who want to help.
Addie is assisting with
the PR, Bev loaned us
all of the decorations and Owen
agreed to run sleigh-rides.
Owen, you're retired!
There's nothing I'd
rather do with my time.
Honey even with
all of this help,
there's still upkeep, there's
insurance, there's marketing...
We'll find a way
to make it work.
Every dime we have
to put into this,
we have to find a dime
from someplace else.
I mean, it's a gamble kiddo.
But it's something!
We'd be doing something
instead of waiting for our
home to be taken away.
All I've ever wanted is this
farm and I won't give it up.
Maybe this idea
could save the farm!
It's ambitious.
(LAUGHS)
She takes after you.
I remember when your mom and I
first walked this piece
of property.
It was a... It was
just a fallow plot,
it needed a lot of work,
but your mom, she...
She saw it as a home.
Okay, how about we
start small and...
And we'll see how it goes?
(LAUGHING)
DALE: Get over here!
♪
Hey, Hailey wanted me
to relay a message,
somebody keeps calling for you?
Oh, it's my manager, Russell.
He wants me back on schedule,
the Palace show is in eight days
and it's supposed to be
my grand unveiling
where I cement my place
in country music.
But, that's not what you want?
Of course it is, I just...
I don't know what I'm
gonna be cemented as.
Hmm.
I'm really proud of Hailey.
Yeah, yeah me too.
You know what, she's wanted this
ever since she could
form a sentence.
That's really hard to want
something so badly for so long
and not ever know if
you're gonna get it.
Yes it is.
♪
I'm gonna head back,
Hailey needs my help.
Hey, do you...
Do you wanna come?
Anything to get me
away from this wreath.
Is that what that is?
Hey.
♪
So, how's the song coming?
It's not really.
I have a melody in
my head, it's yours.
I told you, you had an earworm.
You should put
some lyrics to it.
No, I couldn't, it's yours.
Come on, I loved
your first album.
(SCOFF)
My debut flop?
I don't know,
maybe I'm not a writer,
maybe I'm just supposed to
sing other people's music.
Maybe you're just scared.
What about you?
What about me?
You're pretty good at
that guitar of yours,
why don't we flush out a song
and write something together?
Motivate you,
get you out of Preston.
No, I-I can't
leave now.
But what if Hailey's idea
works and business picks up,
you could leave then, right?
I guess.
It's just the music industry
is very hard.
You know the difference between
a musician and a large pizza?
The pizza could feed
a family of four?
Yeah.
Maybe I'm just
meant to stay here.
Maybe you're just scared.
♪
(SCOFF)
All right, okay, we'll try.
Come on.
(PLAYING GUITAR)
If you have the lyrics,
let's hear 'em.
(PLAYING GUITAR)
I can't.
They're so stupid.
No, you know what they say.
They say, "If it's too stupid
to say, sing it."
Come on.
(PLAYING GUITAR)
Maybe just a little faster.
Faster?
Yeah.
♪ Mmm-mmm-mm-mm ♪
♪ Mm-mm-mm-mm-mmm ♪
I like it.
♪ It's Christmas time ♪
♪ The snow is white, ♪
♪ a beautiful sight ♪
♪ Let's go for a ♪
♪ sleigh-ride, baby ♪
And then we should go to C.
♪ Hearing all these ♪
♪ Christmas songs, ♪
♪ Hearing all the ♪
♪ Christmas songs ♪
(HUMMING)
Didn't mean to interrupt,
thought you might like to
go for a
sleigh-ride.
Yeah, sure, we'd love to.
♪
Yes, I think so, and then
there's all the extra...
EMMA: Who's that?
Are they lost, do you think?
No, I think they're customers.
It's starting to work!
♪
Wow.
What's that smell?
I made breakfast.
What is it?
No.
Come on, come on.
Mm-mm.
What is it?
It's my specialty,
something burnt.
Those are not that burnt.
See?
(CHUCKLES)
Tastes like...
cement.
You have some flour...
right there.
Should we uhh, try those again,
maybe if we do it together,
it would be better.
That seems to be the case.
You still have...
flour.
♪
(LAUGHING)
EMMA: That's so good.
We just got a call for our
first sleigh ride reservation,
Bev has been telling
all of her customers.
What's that smell?
Addie made breakfast.
I was thinking about rearranging
some of the decorations,
do you wanna help?
Do something I'm
actually good at?
I would love to.
What's going on with you two?
Nothing.
Oh come on, I see the way
she looks at you.
She doesn't look at me.
I'm sorry, I know that I'm
supposed to mind my own business
but you and I both know
that I can't.
It's just...
(SIGH)
I feel like there's
something between you.
Yeah, it's you.
(LAUGHING)
Addie's just passing through.
She's gonna leave soon, so...
Well.
Maybe you should
think about joining her.
I love having you here
at home, you know that.
But I wake up every morning
and I pray that today's the day
you're gonna
tell me you're going.
Because this, it's all
we've ever wanted.
But you...
you want something else.
Ma.
Alright, look at this.
Look at that.
(TRUCK ENGINE RUMBLING)
I think it's great.
Hey!
What's all this wood for?
Well, Bev donated it all, it's
to help with the frame for this.
Maybe it could be
like our emblem,
the first thing that people see
when they come in.
It's stunning.
The two by fours are for
the frame but we still need
some evergreen boughs
to weave through it.
So, I was thinking that
you could collect those.
Me... really?
Well yeah, you know 'cause now
like I'm your new boss.
Right.
Yeah, of course.
(LAUGHING)
Hey uhh, boss?
(SCOFFS)
Wait.
I think there's something
wrong with your arm
because you used to
be able to hit me and...
(LAUGHING)
Good help is hard to find.
Hey, Miss Addie, do you
wanna help cut down
The Lapp family Christmas tree?
I would love to.
Come on.
(SIGH)
This is something, isn't it?
You know, I still remember
when we first bought this land.
I was a city girl, like you.
I didn't know the difference
between a Christmas tree
and a palm tree.
My parents thought that I was
crazy and during the hard times
and there's been
some hard times, I...
I wonder if...
If they were right.
I wonder if I made a mistake
that's gonna cost
my family our home.
You didn't make a mistake, Emma.
You created something beautiful.
This farm, your family.
Yeah, that's true.
My days here were, still are,
the happiest of my life.
Thank you.
♪
Oh, yeah, that's it,
that's our Christmas tree.
How do you know?
The size, the shape,
the colour, the...
I don't know, it's something,
it just calls to me.
Uhh, this is our plan, I'm gonna
hold it steady up top here,
you're gonna cut down low
and straight across.
Oh, just uhh, be careful
you don't sever a limb.
Mine or the tree's?
(LAUGHING)
Good question.
There has to be an easier way
to cut down a Christmas tree,
like, a chainsaw?
Oh no, The Lapp Family tree
has to be cut down by hand,
it's tradition.
Just make slow long strokes and
you let the blade do the work.
Hey, you can do this, Addie.
(EXHALES)
Hey, Addie just cut down
our Christmas tree.
(LAUGHS)
Wow!
Don't you look
proud of yourself?
Yup!
She's a beauty, right?
(LAUGHS)
(GUITAR PLAYING
"THE FIRST NOËL")
This was our very first ornament
when we moved here.
Do you remember that?
Yeah, I carved that myself.
Mhm.
It's always the last one
to go on the tree.
Yes it is.
You want me to?
If you wouldn't mind.
It would be an honour.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You cut down a good tree.
Every ornament on
that tree tells a story.
Our story, we have
everything we need.
(SIGHS)
What's the matter, sweetie?
It's just, what if this is
our last Christmas here?
Well then, let's make it
our best one.
Uh, why don't the two of you
come help me get some cider?
From the kitchen.
Excuse me.
Should we work on our song?
Yes.
(LAUGHS)
You ready?
Are you?
We'll see.
(GUITAR PLAYING)
♪ I'm cold, hold me, ♪
♪ Baby, you'll see, ♪
♪ Before every dark ♪
♪ and I'll warm you up ♪
(HUMMING)
HAILEY: I'm so sorry,
it's for you.
Hello?
I'm not ready to go yet.
Excuse me?
You want to stay there?
But the Palace is in a week,
we have rehearsals,
studio time, promos.
I know Russell,
but I'm writing a song.
A good one.
I thought we were
done with the writing.
No, you were done.
So who do you want to be?
The singer who couldn't
sell an album?
Couldn't book a venue?
You're Adelaide Kay, country
super star and you have worked
so hard to get here,
please don't throw it away.
I'm not throwing it away.
I'm just doing it my way.
Adelaide, we can talk
about this when I get there.
Sandra said you were on a farm,
give me the address.
ADELAIDE: I will call you
when I'm ready to go.
For now, I'm staying here.
RUSSELL: Adelaide,
Adelaide...
♪
It's a final notice,
if we don't pay up,
the bank will foreclose
January third.
What are we gonna do?
Well, we're not gonna cave.
You had a good idea Hailey,
and it's working.
Customers are coming in,
sales are up.
Right?
This is a hard time, but,
but we're going to be okay.
We're just going to
focus on your idea.
How about we, we close up
the lot in town to save money,
and just sell trees at the farm?
That's a good idea.
We're not gonna
let this break us.
We're not gonna let it
ruin our Christmas.
♪
("WE WISH YOU A
MERRY CHRISTMAS" PLAYING)
BEV: Dylan!
I can't believe
you're shutting down.
You've been here what,
nearly 20 years?
Yeah, well.
We're just
shutting the lot down.
To focus on the farm.
Don't worry; We're still
going strong.
Well I bought the first
Christmas tree sold here,
and I want to buy
the last, so Dylan?
Yes, right away.
Actually, uh why don't
you help her?
You want me to
sell a tree to Bev?
Yeah.
Why don't I just convert her
to the potted plant idea?
Go.
C'mon.
♪
Hi, I'm gonna be helping you.
So this is the Spruce,
it is the most popular.
It is hearty, yet elegant
and perfect if you want to go
heavier on the decorations.
Um, but, if you are
more traditional,
the Douglas Fir is the go-to
with the silky needles
and the iconic pine smell.
Well, I am a
traditionalist, so...
Oh my goodness.
Oh, I love this!
Uh, you go.
I got this.
I'll be right back.
♪
Just feeling sorry for myself.
Well, don't let me ruin it.
I know that I'm just supposed
to square my shoulders
and soldier on but honestly,
I just want to give up.
You cannot give up.
Why?
Because this is everything
you've always wanted,
and you're so close
to seeing it through.
You're inspirational.
Look, five days later and you
still have me convinced
that I can make a wreath.
You're amazing.
Well, most people like the
symbolism of a wreath
more than its construction.
What is the symbolism?
You don't know?
I didn't know what a galosh was.
Well, the evergreen branches
represent strength,
because they stay green even
in the harshest of winters.
And the circular shape
reminds us of that every end
has a new beginning.
Well we have lots to do
before the tree lighting,
including handing out
a whole bunch of flyers.
Let's go.
Thanks.
There you go.
Ah!
I made my famous
apple pies for tonight.
It smells delicious.
You clean up nicely.
Don't look so surprised.
Addie, look!
It's an early Christmas gift,
Mom made it.
What do you think?
It's gorgeous.
For me?
Mhm, and every time you wear it.
I want you to think of us.
I love it.
What do you think?
It's beautiful.
♪
Merry Christmas!
How's it going?
It's going great.
Everyone's loving
the flyers for the farm.
Good.
♪
(LAUGHING)
What did I tell you?
We knew we'd find
you near the food.
You know me so well.
I think in times like these
you should be allowed to eat
all the dessert you want.
I still really want to help.
Aw, having you here
with us has already been
such a-a
wonderful gift.
You're gonna come
back and visit us, right?
I promise.
Alright everyone!
It's time for the tree lighting.
C'mon everyone, gather around.
There you are!
You ready?
♪
WOMAN: Oh, it's beautiful.
(APPLAUDING)
It's perfect.
Let's go dance.
Okay.
So, uh...
You wanna dance?
I'd love to.
She's the best.
Did you decide if
you're going to perform yet?
Why, do you think our song
is gonna be ready in time?
Not to encourage
your deflection,
but I did finish
the second verse.
And?
It's good.
Told you it would be.
My whole career I had this
voice telling me to be afraid,
that I'm not talented,
that I'm an imposter.
And that voice is still there,
but just not listening to it.
Or maybe, I just
don't believe it.
(MICROPHONE FEEDBACK)
Merry Christmas, Preston!
I know I've already
told most of you
about the new Lapp farm.
So, I just wanted to say thank
you for showing me and my family
so much love and support.
(APPLAUDING)
If I can sell a Christmas tree,
you can perform.
There's a lot of people here.
It's scarier to think about,
it'll be easier when you
just go up there.
Yeah but, what you said about
that voice inside your head
saying you're not good enough,
you're gonna just
mess everything up,
it's screaming at me right now.
I can't.
♪
It's okay.
I'd rather dance
with you anyway.
♪
♪ Silent night, holy night ♪
Hi, how are you?
Have you seen
Adelaide Kay around town?
No, no, I haven't.
No, okay.
Why is this so difficult?
Hi there, how are you?
Adelaide Kay, have you
seen her around?
Oh, no, no.
No, of course.
Russell, Adelaide said she would
call you when she's ready.
I don't have time for this.
Hi, how are you?
Adelaide Kay, have you seen her?
Country superstar?
Oh, I knew it was her.
Yes, where is she?
What... who are you?
I'm her manager.
She's at the Lapp's,
outside of town,
I can give you directions.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
(12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS PLAYING)
Hey, what's wrong?
Last night, my friends said
that you looked like
Adelaide Kay,
so I checked online and Addie,
she really is Adelaide Kay.
The singer.
You already knew?
Yeah.
I figured it out pretty quickly.
But I promised her,
I'd keep her secret.
(BUS ENGINE RUMBLING)
Oh no.
♪
What are you doing here?
Adelaide, we gotta go.
Palace rehearsals
start tomorrow.
And I have been waiting to
tell you this in person,
I got you the most coveted spot
on the nation's
number one talk show,
and it is all yours.
All mine?
Or mine and Cole's?
Ah, you and Cole this year.
But you know, star crossed
lovers, holiday romance.
If you stay on track, next
year this could be yours.
Addie.
C'mon, you don't
have to do it this way.
It's the morning show, it's the
show I watched my entire life
with my family.
And always dreamed of
being on it and now I will be.
Yeah, as
Cole Wyatt's girlfriend.
This year,
but this is a huge step.
Yeah, but...
I have worked so hard.
I have compromised so much.
I cannot walk away.
This is my dream.
What's going on?
Addie is really Adelaide Kay,
some famous singer.
I'm not famous.
I'm sorry I didn't
tell you who I was.
I liked being just Addie.
Okay, c'mon.
Let's go.
♪
(DOOR CLOSING)
(HONKING)
After this, we have
rehearsal for the Palace,
tomorrow the Morning Show.
Adelaide you're
going to be amazing.
I still have those Christmas
jokes if you want them.
Adelaide, I know you're upset,
but you made your own decision.
Alright?
You need to focus
on what's positive.
You're a star.
And we make
sacrifices for stardom.
Sacrifices?
What sacrifices
have you made, Russell?
Because I've sacrificed my name,
my family, my integrity.
Do I really have
to sacrifice my heart?
When is this enough?!
Let's give her a minute.
♪
How are you doing?
What's wrong?
Uhm, Mom just did the books
and she says that sales are up.
Way up actually, but uhm,
we're still not gonna have
the money in time.
We're gonna lose the farm.
But I'm not giving up.
Because I still somehow think
everything is going to be okay.
And if it's not okay then,
at least I can say that I tried.
And it's about time
that you tried too, Dylan.
I know that you're worried
about leaving us,
but we're gonna be fine.
I promise.
I worry about you guys.
What if I do this thing
that I've wanted forever,
and I find out that
I'm just not good enough?
You are good enough,
you're great.
As is this hot chocolate,
and I just made a fresh batch.
Do you want some?
Wow, way to bury the lead.
(LAUGHS)
♪
Hey.
I haven't seen you
this sad since...
My first album flopped?
I didn't know how to make
you feel better then either.
Russell says this is my chance
to cement myself in
country music but,
what if this isn't what
I want to cement?
Dylan made me think about
that, about who I really am.
Adelaide...
you know who you are.
You always have deep down,
but you just need to believe
that it's good enough.
I wish that you could see
yourself the way that I do.
Or the way that Dylan does.
And that album was good.
It really was.
Let the world see that Adelaide.
(KNOCKING)
Ready for the
Morning Show tomorrow?
You read the script the
PR team sent over, right?
It doesn't have to
be word for word,
just focus on you and Cole.
Country Christmas,
how happy you two are.
Et cetera.
Got it.
Great.
What's that look?
What are you gonna do?
♪
It seems our viewers can't
get enough of the Prince
and Princess of country pop.
So Adelaide,
you have a hit song.
Does this all seem
like a fairy tale?
Yeah, it does seem
like a fairy tale.
But honestly it feels
more like a fantasy
because I'm not
actually dating Cole.
It was a rumour someone
started, PR stunt.
And I know what you're thinking,
"How could
anyone do that?"
So I want to
apologize to my fans
from the bottom of my heart.
What...
And the truth is I did
have a special someone,
he's a man who believed
in my music and in me.
So, Dylan, if you're
watching this,
and to Hailey, Emma, and Dale,
thank you so much
for everything you've given me.
Wow, uhm, this is quite the
interesting turn of events here.
Let's go to commercial break.
Adelaide, that was a disaster.
Also known as the truth.
Russell, I love music.
I live for it,
and you know what?
I'm good at it.
And I've worked
a lifetime to get here
and I'm ready to do it my way.
Adelaide,
you gotta believe in me.
What about believing in me?
You know what, nevermind.
Because now,
I believe in myself.
I'm so grateful for everything
that you've done for me Russell.
And if we can do
things a different way,
my way, then I would
love to do it together.
♪
(CHEERING)
Adelaide, I want to
be just like you.
Just be yourself,
'cause that's even better.
Thank you!
I thought you weren't a fan.
Well, what can I say?
I like your new stuff.
I'm sorry.
I was scared.
I thought I was walking away
from everything
I've ever wanted.
But, it's actually
not what I want at all.
Yeah, I get it.
And you were right.
I've been so afraid of failing,
that's why I haven't tried.
How's the farm?
Sales are up, but we're not
going to make it in time.
Let me help, please.
I could do a Christmas concert,
and all the money could
go to save the farm.
But when, on Christmas Eve?
That's the night of
your Palace show.
I'd rather do this because that
Palace gig was supposed to be
what showed the world
who I was, but this,
this is who I really am.
That's really generous.
And it would be a
miracle if it worked.
It'll work, besides
I have a new found belief
in Christmas miracles.
Plus, it'll be your big debut.
Me?
No uh I, no I can't perform.
Yes you are, and there's
no one else I'd rather share
the spotlight with.
(CHEERING)
♪
Hey, come here!
♪ All we've got to do ♪
♪ on Christmas day ♪
♪ The first thing I will see ♪
♪ is your smiling face ♪
♪ I don't need even ♪
♪ look under the tree ♪
♪ All I need for Christmas ♪
♪ is you and me ♪
♪ I wish that the day ♪
♪ was Christmas ♪
♪ But I have used up ♪
♪ all my wishes on you ♪
♪
♪ I have waited underneath ♪
♪ the mistletoe... ♪
You're right, this place is
like stepping into Jingle Bells.
I know, isn't it beautiful?
You saved the farm!
Thank you so much!
To say thank you,
I baked you a dozen pies.
Oh, you know me so well.
And this one?
It's my baby's first show.
Mom, c'mon.
I'm sorry, I'm just,
I'm so proud of ya honey.
All we've ever wanted was for
our kids to follow their dreams.
Mhm.
Well I'm glad to
hear you guys say that,
because uh, I'm leaving Preston.
I'm gonna see where
this adventure takes me,
and I'll try and not be offended
at how happy you are
that I'm leaving.
(LAUGHING)
You know this is all
we've ever wanted.
You've always been
really good to us,
now go be good to yourself.
Curtain in two minutes,
you ready?
Addie, you never
actually took one of our trees,
so I put yours right
there up on the stage.
It's right in the middle.
Thank you.
You can't miss it.
C'mon!
Thanks.
Adelaide, that's a great song.
It's gonna be a hit.
Thank you.
I always knew you could write.
You nervous?
I've been nervous since
the moment I met you.
I meant about the show.
Oh yes,
I'm-I'm terrified.
But I'd rather fail
at something I love,
than regret not doing anything.
And besides, I get to
play with the Adelaide Kay.
Well it is just music,
and I am just Addie.
Not to me you're not.
Merry Christmas, Addie.
Merry Christmas, Dylan.
♪
(CHEERING)
Merry Christmas, Everyone!
There is nowhere else I'd rather
be than right here,
so without much further ado,
I am Adelaide Kay...
(CHEERING)
And I'm-I'm
Dylan Lapp.
(CHEERING)
And um this, this is a very
special Christmas song
written by Addie.
That we wrote, together.
(GUITAR PLAYING)
♪
♪ I'm cold, hold me ♪
♪ Baby, you'll see ♪
♪ Before I freeze, ♪
♪ your heart can warm me up ♪
♪ It's Christmas time, ♪
♪ the snow is white ♪
♪ What a beautiful sight, let's ♪
♪ go for a sleigh ride baby ♪
♪ Waiting for ♪
♪ this all year long, ♪
♪ Hearing all the ♪
♪ Christmas songs ♪
♪ Waiting for ♪
♪ old Santa Claus, ♪
♪ Maybe a kiss ♪
♪ under the mistletoe ♪
♪ Listen for the ♪
♪ reindeer hooves ♪
♪ Landing on ♪
♪ the top of my roof ♪
♪ Waking up with you, ♪
♪ on Christmas morning ♪
♪ I've been waiting ♪
♪ Ohh, ♪
♪ Before the snow is gone, ♪
♪ let's go outside for a while ♪
♪ Do you want to ♪
♪ build a snowman? ♪
♪ Waiting for ♪
♪ this all year long ♪
♪ Hearing all the ♪
♪ Christmas songs ♪
♪ Waiting for old ♪
♪ Santa Claus ♪
♪ Maybe a kiss ♪
♪ under the mistletoe ♪
♪ Listen for the ♪
♪ reindeer hooves ♪
♪ Landing on ♪
♪ the top of my roof ♪
♪ Waking up with you, ♪
♪ on Christmas morning ♪
♪ I've been waiting ♪
♪ Ohh, ♪
(CHEERING)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org